Updates for Change Log and deprecated config reference items (#454)
magento/merchdocs: src/configuration/sales/worldpay.md

---
conditions: Default.EE-B2B
title: Worldpay - Deprecated
---

Stores > Settings > [Configuration]({% link stores/configuration.md %}) > [Sales]({% link configuration/sales.md %}) > [Payment Methods]({% link configuration/sales/payment-methods.md %}) > Worldpay

{:.bs-callout-warning}
**Deprecation Notice** <br/>

> Due to the Payment Service Directive [PSD2]({% link stores/compliance-payment-services-directive.md %}) and the continued evolution of many APIs, this payment integration is at risk of becoming outdated and no longer security compliant in the future. For this reason, it is now deprecated and we are recommending that you disable it in your Magento configuration and contact your Worldpay service provider and ask for their recommendation.<br/><br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the Payment Service Directive [PSD2]({% link stores/compliance-payment-services-directive.md %}) and the continued evolution of many APIs, this payment integration is at risk of becoming outdated and no longer security compliant in the future. For this reason, it is now deprecated, and we recommend that you disable it in your Magento configuration and contact your Worldpay service provider and ask for their recommendation.<br/><br/>
```

> **This integration will be removed from the Magento 2.4.0 release and has been deprecated from current versions of 2.3.**<br/><br/>

Reviewer: this isn't bolded in other topics.  also, current or all versions?

Author: They are bolded. But doesn't always display that way in GitHub review UI.

For details about making a secure transition from deprecated payment integrations, see our [DevBlog](https://community.magento.com/t5/Magento-DevBlog/Deprecation-of-Magento-core-payment-integrations/ba-p/426445){:target="_blank"}.

![]({% link images/images-ee/config-sales-payment-methods-worldpay.png %}){: .zoom}

> [_Worldpay_]({% link payment/worldpay.md %})

Author: Same as above
